Name:
Date:

Project: 
Group's repository: 



What is something you learned by reviewing this group's project?
I learned more about the impact of adding some screen shake and the importnace of the juiceness of the game. I believe that the they added some good features 
that gave the game some good impact.

In what ways does this game reflect the theme?
This game definitely went into the direction of teh Corona Virus. It is a osmosis Jones styled game where you have to shoot the virus as it comes in.

 

What is something you saw in this group's project that you would like to apply to your own future games?
I think that I would like to add more juice to my games, because this had a lot of it, and it made it a pretty enjoyable experience all around and I think that
the oomph that came from the screen shake really added to that.
 

What suggestions would you have for this group to improve the game?
I think they should incorporate some way of allowing the player to choose when he shoots. It felt almost too easy when you were just constantly shooting.
 At least up until the boss fight which was a great touch on the game.

Was there anything in the GDScript that was confusing to you? If so, what?
I think one thing that they did a good job of in GDScript that I am not good with is using ways to make different instanced scenes interact with one another.
The use of scenes in Scripts still trips me up continually, and They have a lot of different scenes.
 

Is it clear that every group member participated?
Yes, It seems clear that every member of their group probably played some role in making this game.

 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes, it contains the appropriate LISCENSE.
 

What is something the group could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
I think they had a solid README.md and it had a nice format too with the sliding bars. If anything, I think adding some pictures might have helped, but they
do tell you where you can find the thumbnail.
 

Pay a compliment to the group based on the quality of the game.
I think they did an excellent job in multiple areas. I think the sound, art, and gameplay really tied well into each other. The art itself was fantastic 
for such a small amount of dev time. I think the biggest compliment goes to the oomph that the game really has because of the juiceness that was 
employed. Also, the structure of using scenes like this seems to be the way Godot was meant to be used, so the internal design of the game was 
also very good.

How many of your points would you allocate to this project?
I would give them 3 out of my 5 points to allocate.


